[Music]
one
[Applause]
10 references to chile el simpson
the clean game episode season 26
I hate 12 when he least has his own
tennis court while climbing the net
that is to say that he was a buffoon and that in all
sports there is a better state the bar
homero la chiquita y zamorano
in the small chapter and neither of great of
for 18 episode 12 where list says
belong to the hitachi tribe that was the
microwave brand of the house in the
which one gets a driver's license
for having booked the city I achieved
descended at school is the day
multicultural in which the gymnasium
adorns with a lot of flags
among them the chile
in the episode where elisa and bar destined
food services reads and occupy the
Grandfather's name for why he should do
a greater one has to do it and those who
we found a reference to another famous
Chilean and all the famous bars the
nutrition question is that how do you
wants to call with big do for now
he replies that he would mix with the
Nobel prize for literature
in the chapter the wettest stories
never counted on 17 he gave 11 this in
if you do not talk about chile, do not name
but if we see the reason for the iii
labaqua battles one of the many and
that is shown from various stories
alternate foreign collective simpson
taking their roles here as bart filled
of oil but as we said before
clearly shows it below
in the visual classic where vaart sells
your soul in a bar bar can not laugh
when using responds pablo neruda says
that laughter is the language of the soul at
what's the answer, I respond with the colors
for the neruda answering the list
another reference to chile in this case to
most famous Chilean poet
in the chapter bar against australia the
season 6th floor 16 in which now it
get in big trouble when making calls
telephone to make the address and the
water flow opens the black which I have
discovered by his parents by noting the
phone bill that if you go to the
good start
santiago de chile
on the same floor I also in this
same chapter farc makes a call in
the southern fair to confirm them wrong
her sister was in this week
adolf hitler appears if my mom level at
that he faithful in orchestra answer the
called this act refers to the
urban myth that hitler lord refuge
to chile or argentina
which is not clear in the episode
[Music]
in the episode of the grandfather and student
low ratings of stop 10 in
our day 20 the basic reference
inside obviously representatives of
representative of the countries that will see
then they will make the next games
Olympic representatives want them
suffer the left that is with a
circulito that presents chile that
hopefully they have made it stopped
I was
the chapter of the history of and saks
inc to that affection with a vagina that I
the bet squeeze to give to me
gave of a dead whale of people
sprinkles use your body to
various commercial purposes but a
Lisa's dream is seen to her nest they would see
end to return to your marine life and use it
they ask that he saw them a ground postcard
of southern chile fire
There are three services which is made
reference don francisco the series that
then he says he is the enemy of
casting wants to be better than him and
also that you hit the sizes but
good more than everything will be neither more nor
less than three times in circuses
[Music]
Many have wanted to destroy the facts
pieces but they are christina don francisco
he has also cleaned special